release: v1.45.0 (#4962)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_watcher_raccoon_meat_crop.md

> ### Apply alias rewrites to arrays ([PR #TODO](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4958))
> 
> 
> [#2489](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2489) introduced automatic aliasing rules to support `@interfaceObject`.
> 
> These rules now properly apply to lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Apply alias rewrites to arrays ([PR #TODO](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4958))

The automatic aliasing rules introduced in [#2489](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2489) to support `@interfaceObject` are now properly applied to lists.
```
